# Upgrade 0.26 to 0.27

Change `startupjs` and all `@startupjs/*` dependencies in your `package.json` to `^0.27`.

## BREAKING CHANGES

### Tooltip
- new component ([more details](/docs/components/Tooltip))

### AutoSuggest
- `maxHeight` property is removed. Use `style` instead

### Popover
- `width` property is removed. Use `wrapperStyle` instead
- `height` property is removed. Use `wrapperStyle` instead
- `maxHeight` property is removed. Use `wrapperStyle` instead
- add prop `position` ([more details](/docs/popups/Popover))
- add prop `attachment` ([more details](/docs/popups/Popover))
- add prop `placements` ([more details](/docs/popups/Popover))
- add prop `durationOpen` ([more details](/docs/popups/Popover))
- add prop `durationClose` ([more details](/docs/popups/Popover))

### Dropdown
- `activeValue` property is removed. Use `value` instead
- `popoverWidth`, property is removed. Use `popoverWrapperStyle` instead
- `popoverHeight`, property is removed. Use `popoverWrapperStyle` instead
- `popoverMaxHeight`, property is removed. Use `popoverWrapperStyle` instead
- rename prop `styleActiveItem` to `activeItemStyle`
- add prop `position` ([more details](/docs/popups/Dropdown))
- add prop `attachment` ([more details](/docs/popups/Dropdown))
- add prop `placements` ([more details](/docs/popups/Dropdown))
- add prop `drawerCancelLabel` ([more details](/docs/popups/Dropdown))

### sharedb-accsess work with orm

- Now you can add `access` object in models for path `.*` 
- There was changed parameters of functions in `access` object in your ORM-model (added `backend` and `collection` to the start). Now they look like this:

```js
static access = {
  create: async (backend, collection, docId, doc, session) => { your code }
  read: async (backend, collection, docId, doc, session) => { your code },
  update: async (backend, collection, docId, oldDoc, session, ops, newDoc) => { your code },
  delete: async (backend, collection, docId, doc, session) => { your code }
}
```

