# Upgrade 0.29 to 0.30

Change `startupjs` and all `@startupjs/*` dependencies in your `package.json` to `^0.30`.

## BREAKING CHANGES

- **bundler** - Instead of using general `require('startupjs/bundler.cjs')` you have to require
a specific file you need.

  Do a global search in your project for the text `startupjs/bundler.cjs` and change the following:

  1. `require('startupjs/bundler.cjs').webpackWebConfig`

     TO:

     `require('startupjs/bundler/webpack.web.config.cjs')`

  2. `require('startupjs/bundler.cjs').webpackServerConfig`

     TO:

     `require('startupjs/bundler/webpack.server.config.cjs')`

  3. `require('startupjs/bundler.cjs').babelConfig`

     TO:

     `require('startupjs/bundler/babel.config.cjs')`

  4. `require('startupjs/bundler.cjs').metroConfig`

     TO:

     `require('startupjs/bundler/metro.config.cjs')`

  5. `require('startupjs/bundler.cjs').rnConfig`

     TO:

     `require('startupjs/bundler/react-native.config.cjs')`

  6. `require('startupjs/bundler.cjs').viteConfig`

     TO:

     `require('startupjs/bundler/vite.config.cjs')`

  Additionally, if you did override .js/.jsx compilation in your `webpack.web.config.cjs`, you
  might have used `getJsxRule` function there. In which case you should now get it from helpers:

  7. `const { getJsxRule } = require('startupjs/bundler.cjs')`

     TO:

     `const { getJsxRule } = require('startupjs/bundler/helpers.cjs')`


- **sharedb-access** - There was changed parameters of functions in `static access` properies (changed backend to model). Now they look like:

  ```js
  class ItemModel {
    static access = {
      create: async (model, collection, docId, doc, session) => { your code }
      read: async (model, collection, docId, doc, session) => { your code },
      update: async (model, collection, docId, oldDoc, session, ops, newDoc) => { your code },
      delete: async (model, collection, docId, doc, session) => { your code }
    }
  }
  ```

- **server-aggregation** - There was changed parameters of functions in `static access` properies. Now they look like:
  ```js
  class ItemModel {
    static aggregations = {
      openEvents: async (model, params, session) => {
        return [
          {$match: {status: 'open'}}
        ]
      }
    }
  }
  ```
  Here `model` - it's sharedb model; `params` - it's parameters from `$params` field in aggregation call; `session` - it's your session.

- **DateTimePicker**:
  - for Android and IOS changed deprecated libraries from `react-native` to `DateTimePicker` from `@react-native-community/datetimepicker`.
  - for web changed library to `react-datepicker` that allow use calendar in mode `datetime` in Safari and Firefox.

  Need to manually install a new library `yarn add @react-native-community/datetimepicker` with your package manager, install pod for IOS and init backend side of UI:

    - import `initUi` and` getUiHead` and connect them in the body of the `startupjsServer` and `getHead` functions in `server/index.js`.

    ```js
    import { getUiHead, initUi } from '@startupjs/ui/server'

    startupjsServer({
      getHead,
      ...
    }, (ee, options) => {
      ...
      initUi(ee, options)
      ...
    })

    function getHead () {
      return `
        ${getUiHead()}
        other head text
      `
    }
    ```

    - add module `@startupjs/ui/server` to `forceCompileModules` in `webpack.server.config.cjs`

    ```js
    const getConfig = require('startupjs/bundler.cjs').webpackServerConfig

    module.exports = getConfig(undefined, {
      forceCompileModules: ['@startupjs/ui/server']
    })
    ```

- **Modal**: the API of the Modal component has changed. [See more](/docs/components/Modal)
  - rename old `onDismiss` to `onCancel`
  - add `onDismiss`, `onShow`, `showCross`, `onCrossPress`, `enableBackdropPress`, `supportedOrientations`, `$visible`, `onOrientationChange`
  - Previously, `Modal` required `useState`, but now you need to use `useValue` and pass the `$visible` setter property instead of `visible`, also you can not use `useValue` and not pass `$visible`, but use `useRef` instead. [See more](/docs/components/Modal#There%20are%20two%20options%20for%20managing%20the%20state%20of%20a%20modal:)
  - rename `variant='pure'` to `variant='custom'`

- **Dropdown**:
  - popoverWrapperStyle property is removed. Use `style` instead like:

  ```styl
  .wrapper
    // Drawer styles
    +tablet()
      // Popover styles
  ```

- **Drawer**:
  - styleContent property is removed. Use `style` instead
  - styleSwipe property is removed. Use `swipeStyle` instead
  - styleCase property is removed. Use `caseStyle` instead

## Features

- **DateTimePicker**
  - add new properties `disabled`, `format`, `minuteInterval`, `placeholder`, `size`, `timeFormat`, `cancelButtonText`, `confirmButtonText`, `is24Hour` [See more](/docs/forms/DateTimePicker).

- **Drawer**:
  - add `onRequestOpen` property

- **NumberInput**:
  - onNumberChange returns `undefined` if NumberInput is empty

## For full list of new features and bug fixes see [CHANGELOG](https://github.com/startupjs/startupjs/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md)
